[Autogenerated] connection properties are the last piece of the puzzle on our
journey to connect a spring application to a mongo server.
There are a couple of important Mongol parameters that you need to know.
In order to connect to a Mongol to be sever the Mongol server I p.
Address the mongoose, a report, the date of his name and credentials.
Now, credentials are optional because when you first install a monk a server,
it will not be secured.
But we have credentials.
You have to provide them as part of the connection you are I.
But where do we define these connection parameters?
Well,
there are multiple ways one of them is to define them
in the application properties file, and you can see an example.
Here we have host port database, user name and password.
All parameters are prefixed with spring that data dot
among would he be Alternatively, we can use a shorthand version.
We can use the spring that data,
that monk body beat out your eye and combine all of the
information into a single property.
In this case, we have the credentials, the user admin, the password.
We have the server I P address local host.
We have the port and we also have the database name.
But we can also specify this connection.
You are I at runtime,
and we can do that by executing our program and then
passing in the exact same parameter.
So we have Java jar, the name over application and then dash dash,
spring data manga, Deb,
your eye and the value that you want to provide the wrong time
parameters will override the parameters defined, the application, properties foul.